pdf-parse-service/DEPLOYMENT_STATUS.md, before:

# PDF Parse Service - Deployment Status

## ✅ Completed

1. **Service Implementation**
   - ✅ Express.js server with PDF parsing endpoint
   - ✅ API key authentication
   - ✅ Error handling and validation
   - ✅ Health check endpoint
   - ✅ Dockerfile for containerization

2. **Deployment Preparation**
   - ✅ Generated API key: `5cc49831bff5be4d819f0da46ac2b85bc027534ae7d7155acb7fe2fc4feb91cd`
   - ✅ Created deployment helper scripts
   - ✅ Created comprehensive documentation
   - ✅ Validated service structure

3. **Documentation**
   - ✅ `README.md` - Service overview and API docs
   - ✅ `DEPLOYMENT_STEPS.md` - Complete deployment guide
   - ✅ `QUICK_START.md` - Quick reference
   - ✅ `WORKER_INTEGRATION_EXAMPLE.md` - Integration code examples

## ⏳ Pending (Manual Steps)

### Step 1: Deploy to Render.com
**Status**: Ready to deploy
**Action Required**: 
1. Go to https://render.com
2. Follow instructions in `QUICK_START.md` or run `./deploy-render.sh`
3. Copy the service URL after deployment

**Estimated Time**: 5-10 minutes

### Step 2: Set Cloudflare Environment Variables
**Status**: Waiting for service URL
**Action Required**:
```bash
cd pdf-parse-service
./set-cloudflare-env.sh <SERVICE_URL>
```

**Estimated Time**: 2 minutes

### Step 3: Verify Deployment
**Status**: Waiting for service URL
**Action Required**:
```bash
curl https://your-service-url.onrender.com/health
```

**Expected Response**: `{"status":"ok","service":"pdf-parse-service"}`

**Estimated Time**: 1 minute

## 📋 Next Steps (After Deployment)

1. **Test Service**: Upload a test PDF through the UI
2. **Monitor Logs**: Check Render logs for any issues
3. **Integrate Worker**: Update Worker code to use parse service (see `WORKER_INTEGRATION_EXAMPLE.md`)
4. **Deploy to Production**: After testing, deploy to production environment

## 🔑 Key Information

**API Key**: `5cc49831bff5be4d819f0da46ac2b85bc027534ae7d7155acb7fe2fc4feb91cd`

**Service Environment Variables**:
- `PORT=3000`
- `API_KEY=<above-key>`
- `MAX_FILE_SIZE=2097152`
- `TIMEOUT_MS=30000`

**Cloudflare Environment Variables** (to be set):
- `PDF_PARSE_SERVICE_URL=<service-url>`
- `PDF_PARSE_API_KEY=<same-key-as-above>`

## 📚 Documentation Files

- `QUICK_START.md` - Fastest way to deploy
- `DEPLOYMENT_STEPS.md` - Detailed step-by-step guide
- `README.md` - Service API documentation
- `WORKER_INTEGRATION_EXAMPLE.md` - Code integration examples

Commit message:

Security: Remove hardcoded API key from pdf-parse-service files
- Remove hardcoded production API key from all shell scripts and documentation
- Update scripts to require PDF_PARSE_API_KEY environment variable
- Add security warnings and best practices to documentation
- Prevent API keys from being committed to repository

Fixes security vulnerability where production API key was exposed in source code.

pdf-parse-service/DEPLOYMENT_STATUS.md, after:

# PDF Parse Service - Deployment Status

## ✅ Completed

1. **Service Implementation**
   - ✅ Express.js server with PDF parsing endpoint
   - ✅ API key authentication
   - ✅ Error handling and validation
   - ✅ Health check endpoint
   - ✅ Dockerfile for containerization

2. **Deployment Preparation**
   - ✅ API key generation method documented
   - ✅ Created deployment helper scripts
   - ✅ Created comprehensive documentation
   - ✅ Validated service structure
   - ✅ Removed hardcoded API keys from source files (security best practice)

3. **Documentation**
   - ✅ `README.md` - Service overview and API docs
   - ✅ `DEPLOYMENT_STEPS.md` - Complete deployment guide
   - ✅ `QUICK_START.md` - Quick reference
   - ✅ `WORKER_INTEGRATION_EXAMPLE.md` - Integration code examples

## ⏳ Pending (Manual Steps)

### Step 1: Deploy to Render.com
**Status**: Ready to deploy
**Action Required**: 
1. Go to https://render.com
2. Follow instructions in `QUICK_START.md` or run `./deploy-render.sh`
3. Copy the service URL after deployment

**Estimated Time**: 5-10 minutes

### Step 2: Set Cloudflare Environment Variables
**Status**: Waiting for service URL
**Action Required**:
```bash
cd pdf-parse-service
./set-cloudflare-env.sh <SERVICE_URL>
```

**Estimated Time**: 2 minutes

### Step 3: Verify Deployment
**Status**: Waiting for service URL
**Action Required**:
```bash
curl https://your-service-url.onrender.com/health
```

**Expected Response**: `{"status":"ok","service":"pdf-parse-service"}`

**Estimated Time**: 1 minute

## 📋 Next Steps (After Deployment)

1. **Test Service**: Upload a test PDF through the UI
2. **Monitor Logs**: Check Render logs for any issues
3. **Integrate Worker**: Update Worker code to use parse service (see `WORKER_INTEGRATION_EXAMPLE.md`)
4. **Deploy to Production**: After testing, deploy to production environment

## 🔑 Key Information

**⚠️ API Key Security**:
- Generate API key: `openssl rand -hex 32`
- Store securely in environment variables or secrets manager
- Never commit API keys to the repository
- Use the same key for both service and Cloudflare

**Service Environment Variables**:
- `PORT=3000`
- `API_KEY=<your-generated-api-key>`
- `MAX_FILE_SIZE=2097152`
- `TIMEOUT_MS=30000`

**Cloudflare Environment Variables** (to be set):
- `PDF_PARSE_SERVICE_URL=<service-url>`
- `PDF_PARSE_API_KEY=<same-key-as-service>`

## 📚 Documentation Files

- `QUICK_START.md` - Fastest way to deploy
- `DEPLOYMENT_STEPS.md` - Detailed step-by-step guide
- `README.md` - Service API documentation
- `WORKER_INTEGRATION_EXAMPLE.md` - Code integration examples
